# Frequently Asked Questions

## General

### Do Achievements still work?

Yes, they do.

### Is this compatible with Steel Faith Overhaul?

It is mean to be and tested to work together. However, I am not a user of SFO so perhaps some objectives are not 
achievable. Feel free to report any bug or suggestion to improve the compatibility.

### Is this compatible with _[insert-mod]_?

I am sorry, but I have not tested this together with all the other mods in the Workshop. The framework is mean to be 
reliable and compatible with almost anything, but there can be some collisions anywhere. I do not know. In any case, 
the first approach should be trying it before asking. 

### Is this savegame compatible?

Yes and no. Victory Conditions are stored in the save file, so adding the mod will not modify a started campaign. This 
is the desired approach, as new updates should not affect the current campaigns of the users. So, no, you cna not change
the objectives dynamically but it is savegame compatible in the mean that it is not going to break your current 
campaign.

However, note that uninstalling the framework will break the game. This can not be parched as the new savegames try to 
load database data that does not exist anymore. In that case, if you want to play two campaigns at the same time, what 
you have to do is start one without the mod, saving, starting another one with the mod, saving, and playing both with 
the mod enabled.

### Where can I report a bug?

You can open issue at GitHub, leave a comment in the mod or contact me directly. 

### How can I contact you?

You can contact me here at GitHub or at Steam. My username there is [Wolfy](https://steamcommunity.com/id/WolfyLPDC/). 
I, however, do not recommend using these method for reporting issues or sharing ideas or request, being the Total War 
modders discord **"Da Modding Den"** the place where you should ask for me.

### How can I support this project?

Glad you asked. You can like the mods and share it with your friends. The bigger the community, the faster this mod is 
going to grow and the more interest I am going to place into maintaining it. You can also, of course, create Pull 
Request at GitHub or contact me directly to introduce new features. 

I would also be very grateful if you could give me a star in the GitHub projects related to the mods. That gives me 
visibility and helps me in my working life.

Finally, if you want to support economically my job, feel free to donate via 
[Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/wolfylpdc) or [PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/echaravolar).

### I have an amazing idea for a mod

And I am sure that it is amazing and revolutionary. But I am, possibly, not the person that is going to follow that 
dream. I have a limited agenda and mod as a hobby, so, by default, I am not going to accept any request comming from
anyone. This is not a job for me.

## Framework

### Can I create my own submod?

Yes, of course. 

### How can I create a submod?

You have a guide available [here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-framework/blob/master/README.md). You can also 
have all my mods available at GitHub, so just check them. Open Source is amazing, isn't it?

## Main Mod

### Where can I check the changes introduced?

The changes introduced are available [here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-main/blob/master/docs/README.md). 

### Does this mod also modifies Co-Op / Head To Head Victory Conditions?

Nope. They are kept the same than in vanilla. I know a lot of people will be happy with that addition, but I am not a 
player of them, so I am not going to spend weeks working in something I am not going to use.

## Cultural Victory Submod

### Where can I check the changes introduced?

The changes introduced are available 
[here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-submod-cultural/blob/master/docs/README.md). 

### I am playing an horde faction but can not see the new victory conditions. Is that normal?

Yes. Horde factions do not have Cultural, Economic or Military victory conditions available. There are multiple reasons,
practical, technical and logical for it, so do not expect me to change it.

## Economic Victory Submod

### Where can I check the changes introduced?

The changes introduced are available 
[here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-submod-economic/blob/master/docs/README.md). 

### I am playing an horde faction but can not see the new victory conditions. Is that normal?

Yes. Horde factions do not have Cultural, Economic or Military victory conditions available. There are multiple reasons,
practical, technical and logical for it, so do not expect me to change it.

## Instant Victory Submod

### Where can I check the changes introduced?

The changes introduced are available 
[here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-submod-cheat/blob/master/docs/README.md). 

## Military Victory Submod

### Where can I check the changes introduced?

The changes introduced are available 
[here](https://github.com/msolefonte/tww2-vco2-submod-military/blob/master/docs/README.md). 

### I am playing an horde faction but can not see the new victory conditions. Is that normal?

Yes. Horde factions do not have Cultural, Economic or Military victory conditions available. There are multiple reasons,
practical, technical and logical for it, so do not expect me to change it.